
When I pull out my phone to start my workout, I don't have to click through a bunch of options to start the day's workout

nola looks around the room at her teammates doing epic fist pumps after sucessfuly shipping a major redesign of her company’s most popular product. she’s had a hell of a day. her team is full of cowboys. they often wait until the last possible minute to get q.a. involved. she’s spent the past 3 days doing manual testing for the new features they are shipping. no one thought to bring her into the process sooner, so she could have drafted test plans and automated the newtests. oh well, it’s done now. stressed out, she tells her team she’s dipping out. the gym is beckoning.

she walks in the gym and gets changed into the proper gym attire. it’s leg day so she heads to the turf to do some active stretching and mobility work. her pre-workout is kicking in and she’s ready to hit the rack. she pulls out her phone so she can see what weight she’s working with today. after opening the app, she grins. the app knew it was her leg day and presented her with the option to start the days workout. she came to the gym to reduce stress, not add to it by having to tap  a bunch of times just to start her workout. pumped by the caffeine and respite from work, she gears up and bangs out a solid warm-up set of 12. she pulls out her phone and sees an option to add her completed set as a warm-up. she loves data and is hoping to see if her hypothesis about warm-up sets is correct, so she’s been logging all her warm-up sets. so far she’s been pleased with how flexible it’s been. she often warms-up until she’s feeling good enough to get into her working sets.